Change cert-manager.io/v1beta1 to cert-manager.io/v1 (#37)
projectsyn/component-keycloak: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

default:: `?{vaultkv:${customer:name}/${cluster:name}/${_instance}/keycloak-cert-key}`

== `tls.certmanager.apiVersion`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `cert-manager.io/v1`

> Cert-manager v1.0 is using `cert-manager.io/v1`.
> Versions below using `cert-manager.io/v1beta1` or older.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cert-Manager v1.x is using `cert-manager.io/v1` in their CRDs.
Older cert-manager versions (v0.x) are using `cert-manager.io/v1beta1` or other.
```
